H-1866: Create a Temporal client in Rust (#3861)
hashintel/hash: apps/hash-integration-worker/README.md

The service uses the following environment variables:

> - `HASH_TEMPORAL_SERVER_HOST`: The hostname that the Temporal server is running on (defaults to `localhost`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `HASH_TEMPORAL_SERVER_HOST`: The host address (including protocol) that the Temporal server is running on (defaults to `http://localhost`).
```
